So let's start by installing Rabbie them.
Q On Windows specifically Windows 10.
So I'm opening up a browser window and from there I'm going to search for rabbit MQ.
After that I'm going to the download section of the official website and from there I'm going to go
to windows with installer.
This is the easiest way to install rabbit.
Q On Windows.
So I'm picking any of them because they are both identical just different sources and I'm downloading
it.
OK.
It is being downloaded and as you can see we have to install Erlang on our computer so that rubidium
Q can read properly.
Otherwise it just simply doesn't work.
So to do that as we see the direction right here let's just go to download of Earthlink for windows
and from there I'm just going to simply download Irwig
and I'll pick the 64 bit version.
All right.
So what we should do now is we need to wait for download of the Earthling and then when you first install
Erlang.
And after that we will install rabit MQ itself.
All right.
Download our Erlang distribution is complete.
So now let's install it.
I'm going to hit run
and select Yes.
And from there I'm not picking anything and I'm going to go with the default installation and hit next.
All right.
It is being installed and it is prompting me to install C++ distribution and also install that because
it's also a required component.
All right.
It's complete.
So now our Erlang installation is going on.
All right.
Erlang is installed.
Now let's close this and run the rabid MQ server installation.
I'll hit Grun and select Yes and from there I'm going to install rabid MQ as a service which is the
point of this installer so I'll just pick none and the default is selected right here as you can see.
And I'm going to hit next.
And install
and on just going to allow every connection for Erlang to have the rabbit key working properly.
So say allow access and again I'm going to do that for the distribution.
And here we go.
Rabbit.
Q installation is now complete.
To verify that if it's installed properly and working properly as a service I'll just go to search and
look for services.
And here we go.
And in there I'm going to look for Ibidem Q And as you can see here a rabbit named Q is now running
rabbit MQ server is running in Windows as a service.